Week 1:
We started discussing, planning, and drawing out our vision of the application in eraser.io. We put forward relevant ideas that were neccessary features, roles, and structures to implement in our project.  

Week 2:
To start implementing and building our project we had to learning MERN stack basics and structures, I watched tutorials, and started to code the backend.  

Week 3:
I continued learning MERN stack and started with the frontend parts. After I and the rest of the group finished the tutorials and had learned the basics we branched by feature and started construct the frontend. 

I worked on the design of "Matcher" page on the webside and coded the start of ”Match Information” component which shows the current catch inforamtion like: the teams facing eachother, the score, club logos. I also created three empty tab components that will show the teams lineup, match events, and the league table. 


I also worked on a component that would show the upcomming, present, and future maches, but it got scrapped for a better variation. 

Week 4: I continued to develop the ”Match Information” component, and added the prototype for the league table that will be implemented when the database is complete

We had our presentation this week as well

Week 5:
We started to flesh out the database with relevant information. We started to  connect our backend and frontend. Testing were done to see that the attributes and roles worked correctly and as intended, some features and attrtibutes were removed for efficiency and to remove redundancy. 


Week 6:
I worked on the referee admin page. Here the referee should be able to see the matches that were assigned to him and he should be able to register and submit events and his referee report.
Match events that the referee had to register were: goals, assists, yellow and red card, and substitutions. The referee also had to submit his registred events and report so that the admins could see it and take action on for ex. suspensions if needed. 

Our idea is that once the referee submits his report it would go through the notification system to the admins and them further action can be taken if needed.  

Week 7:
I continued working on the referee admin page. I created the components for registering match events like goals, assists, yellow and red cards, and substitutions. I also worked on the submission functionality for the referee report, ensuring that all registered events are included in the report.
I did not complete the functinallity because the scale of the project was too big to finish everything in time.
Week 8:
Studied for the final exam, did not really do much this week. 